Lei,Gordon
Intro2,pd01
HW8
2016-03-04

1. What are two parts that you wish someone told you earlier. Briefly explain why.

I wish that someone told me to compare my work with the teacher or my peers.
By doing this, I can learn multiple ways to solve the problem, showing that I better understand the problem.
I also wish that I learned to understand today's material better than just shrugging it off.
There are several times where I did not understand a certain idea and I did not bother to understand it. 
Instead, I thought that I could understand it better by self-studying when I have the time too.
I should also ask questions in order to understand the material so I can better understand today's material. 

2. What are two parts that you want to know more about/why.

One part that I would like to learn more about is how to make more effective code. 
In my opinion, I would rather use a more effective code that has the same results than a long code that will return the same result. 
Learning to make more concise and effective code also saves time and is easier to understand. 
I would also like to learn about why reading other solutions routinely may teach ideas that would occur otherwise. 
Not all other solutions can be applied to other problems. 
Sometimes when you trying to solve the problem, thinking of another solution may not even come to your mind. 

3. What is at least one part that you strongly agree with, or that you think resonate with you?

I strongly agree with the part about working on a problem by yourself first. 
In my opinion, it is better to try to figure out your mistakes in order to learn how to correct your mistakes. 
If I am stuck on a certain problem, I will try to write out my desired steps on paper to help me better understand the problem. 
Eventually, if you still cannot understand your error, I agree with the fact that you should then seek help.


4. What is at least one part that you disagree with, or have a strong feeling that an alternate path is better for you?


I somewhat disagree with the part that people can no longer rely on absorbing a pattern through repetition.
Although most problems are different, some problems, such as the problems about strings, have a pattern to them. 
I had to recognize and understand the pattern about how to take specific segments of strings in order to solve the problems.
Pattern recognition also helps me when I am trying to solve a problem that uses recursion.

